# SDLC
      Interpreting user needs is an essential skill that needs to be developed and constantly improved. There are different ways of interpreting user needs that can be used. Some of them include gathering specifications through direct communication, prioritization depending on the user requirements and program architecture, and continuous feedback on the work done. Creating user stories is also one of the crucial steps in meeting the user needs in the end product. User stories summarize every requirement in a clear step-by-step description. Later, user stories will be used to create test cases and code development accordingly.  
      I approach developing programs by learning the requirements, planning, breaking a program into small chunks of work, testing it on the way, and refining the code if necessary. I plan to incorporate some agile processes in the near future, like incremental and iterative approaches, continuous feedback, and adaptability to changes. It is a small start, but those are the fundamental processes for me that will benefit the development process and provide solid ground for future implementations. 
      Being a good team member in software development incorporates many principles that must be followed. Some of the most essential ones are being collaborative, being a good communicator, sharing product ownership, taking full responsibility for one's actions, sharing ideas, and not being afraid to make mistakes. A good team member also requires openness, problem-solving skills, striving for technical excellence, etc.
